Add grant opportunity page (#570)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: docs/grant-opportunities/index.md

# Call for contributions to OpenScPCA and Terms for Grant Offering

> As part of the OpenScPCA project, Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation (ALSF) Childhood Cancer Data Lab aims to characterize the ScPCA data, including assigning cell types to all samples across all tumor types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the OpenScPCA project, the Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation (ALSF) Childhood Cancer Data Lab aims to characterize the ScPCA data, including assigning cell types to all samples across all tumor types.
```

All participation in this grant opportunity and contributions to the OpenScPCA project are subject to the Terms of Use, available at [https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/main/docs/policies/terms-of-use.md](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/blob/main/docs/policies/terms-of-use.md), and all Policies posted at [https://openscpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/policies/](https://openscpca.readthedocs.io/en/latest/policies/). Each researcher and the institution to which the researcher is affiliated must agree to all of the terms of the Terms of Use and all Policies, which are incorporated herein by reference as though fully set forth herein.

## Cell type annotation

We seek pediatric cancer researchers at non-profit institutions to help annotate cell types for all samples in a given group as identified by the sample table. We expect final cell type annotations will include tumor (malignant) and normal (non-malignant) classifications and specific cell type labels for non-malignant cells (e.g., T cell, fibroblast) and cell states present in tumor cells (e.g., mesenchymal-like cells).

## Award

### Available Grants

> A maximum of 27 grants are available. A complete table of available grants is available at [{insert link}]{.mark}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A maximum of 27 grants are available. A complete table of available grants is available at https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/discussions/571.
```

This table contains a unique group identifier, project identifier, project title, list of diagnoses, and total number of samples for each group. Groups of samples encompass samples from a single ScPCA project representing either a single diagnosis or a group of related diagnoses.

The table includes the maximum amount that may be awarded in USD for annotating all samples in each group, with the award amount based on the total number of samples in that group as follows:

-   $4000 for annotating groups with 30 or more samples

-   $2000 for annotating groups with 16 - 29 samples

-   $1000 for annotating groups with 15 or fewer samples

Only one grant will be awarded per group of samples and will be awarded to the institution for the first researcher to complete cell type annotation satisfactorily and meets all eligibility and other requirements established by ALSF.

> ALSF will update the table of available grants at [{insert link}]{.mark} to indicate which grant awards have been awarded and are no longer available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALSF will update the table of available grants at https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis/discussions/571 to indicate which grant awards have been awarded and are no longer available.
```

ALSF will only award grants for submissions meeting the eligibility requirements and acceptance criteria. All decisions regarding applications and grants, including satisfaction of requirements, are made solely by ALSF, in its sole discretion.

> Distribution and Permitted Use of Funds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Distribution and Permitted Use of Funds
```
